KM-Ready-Lab/workshops/Module 3.md, before:

# Using the Azure Portal to Iterate on Your Solution

In this module, we will show how you can easily iterate and add new capabilities your search index and knowledge store without leaving the portal experience.  You will learn how to use the Azure Portal JSON editors to add additional skills to your skillset by modifying the existing skillset, index, and indexer.

## Reprocessor
Before we start adding to our skillset, we will want to enable the new [incremental enrichment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-howto-incremental-index), or reprocessing capability in Azure Cognitive Search.  This new feature allows you to add caching to the enrichment pipeline so that you can incrementally modify steps without having to rebuild your index.  By default, a skillset is stateless, and changing any part of its composition requires a full rerun of the indexer. With incremental enrichment, the indexer can determine which parts of the document tree need to be refreshed based on changes detected in the skillset or indexer definitions. Existing processed output is preserved and reused wherever possible.

1. Open your Azure Cognitive Search service.
2. Click on the *Indexer* you created in module 1
3. Click on the **Reset** button. Prior to using the cache for the first time, the indexer must be reset.
4. Click on *Indexer Definition (JSON)*.  You will see the JSON definition of your indexer on the left hand side of the screen.  On the right hand side, you will see some information about Indexers and the Indexer Cache.  Click on the blue button **Get Cache Connection String**.

![](images/cachestring.png)

You will now be asked to select the storage account you want to enable the cache for.  Select the *clinical-trials-small* storage and *clinical-trials-small* container we worked with in module 1.  Hit **Select**

You should now see that the box under **Get Cache Connection String** has now been populated with the connection information from your selected storage account.

![](images/cachestring2.png)

Click on the **Copy to clipboard** button.

Scroll to the bottom of the Indexer Definition JSON file until you see *'cache': null*

![](images/cachenull.png)

Replace *null* with the contents of your clipboard and press *Save*, your indexer definition JSON should not look something like this:

![](images/cachetrue.png)

## Editing the Skillset

We are now going to explore how you can add some very powerful skills to your skillset through the Azure Portal Skillsets editor.  This new capability provides a series of JSON templates that you can easily add and modify to suit your customers needs.  For the purposes of today's lab, we will be working with the [Custom Entity Lookup skill](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-skill-custom-entity-lookup) to add a disease lookup skill to our index.

For now, please use the following Azure Portal URL: https://ms.portal.azure.com/?Microsoft_Azure_Search_enableCustomEntityLookup=true.  The Custom Entity Lookup skill template is not yet generally available in the portal, but will be coming soon.

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Skillsets**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* skillset.

Click on your skillset and then select **Skillset Definition (JSON)** to view the skillset JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  Exploring your skillset JSON, you will notice there are 8 skills, a Cognitive Services key, and 4 knowledge store table projections.

On the right had side,  you see the Skill Definition Templates that are provided in the Azure Portal.  Click on the drop down arrow in *Skills* and note the variety of templates that are available.  Click on the *Custom Entity Lookup* skill.  

![](images/CustomEntityLookupSkillTemplate.png)

Let's look a little deeper at this JSON template. Notice the Custom Entity Lookup skill allows you to specify a list of entities to find in your text. You can provide this list either inline using the *inlineEntitiesDefinition* parameter or via a SAS URI pointing to a JSON file containing the entities using the *entitiesDefinitionUrl* parameter (for this lab, we will be using the SAS URI when we get to that portion of the template).  Click on *Copy to clipboard* and paste the template code into the skillset definition JSON file.

![](images/updateskillset.png)

Now let's update the template with the correct parameters so that this new skill will work.
1. Set *defaultLanguageCode* to *"en"*
2. Add the URI code from the *diseases* JSON file to *entitiesDefinitionUri*

*Note For this lab, we have provided you with a container in your blob storage account named 'disease' which contains a file called 'diseases.json', a list of diseases to be used with the Custom Entity Lookup skill. You will need to retrieve the SAS URI for this file to provide as the *entitiesDefinitionUri* parameter of the skill.  

One easy way to retrieve the SAS URI is by using Azure Storage Explorer. You can right-click on the 'diseases.json' file and select *Get Shared Access Signature*. Set the *Expiry time* to some time in the future, and hit the *Create* button. Use the *Copy* button to copy the *URL*.

![](images/GetSAS.png)

![](images/GetSASExpiryTime.png)

![](images/GetSASCopyURL.png)


    3. *Delete* **inlineEntitiesDefinition** and all of the parameters contained between the [] brackets.
    4. Set *name* to **customEntityLookup**
    5. Set *description* to **null**
    6. Set *context* to /document/merged_content/sentences/*
    7. Under inputs set *name* to **text**
    8. Under inputs set *source* to /document/merged_content/sentences/*
    9. Under outputs set *name* to **entities**
    10. Under outputs set *targetName* to **diseases**

Your updated JSON file should now look like the code below (alternately,  you can just cut and paste this code snippet directly into your Skillset Definition.


```
    {
        "@odata.type": "#Microsoft.Skills.Text.CustomEntityLookupSkill",
        "defaultLanguageCode": "en",
         "entitiesDefinitionUri": "<enter your SAS URI here>",
         
        "name": "customEntityLookup",
        "description": null,
        "context": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*",
        "inputs": [{
            "name": "text",
            "source": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*"
        }],
        "outputs": [{
            "name": "entities",
            "targetName": "diseases"
        }],
      }
```

![](images/AddCustomEntityLookupSkill.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes. We've now added the new Custom Entity Lookup skill to the skillset.

## Editing the Index

Now that we've added the new Custom Entity Lookup skill to the skillset, we need to add a new field to the index to store the results of running the skill.  

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Indexes**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* index.

Click on your index and then select **Index Definition (JSON)** to view the index JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  

Add a new diseases field to the *fields* by copying the code below and pasting into the Index Definition JSON as shown in the image below.

```
{
    "name": "diseases",
    "type": "Collection(Edm.String)",
    "facetable": true,
    "filterable": true,
    "retrievable": true,
    "searchable": true,
    "analyzer": "en.microsoft",
    "indexAnalyzer": null,
    "searchAnalyzer": null,
    "synonymMaps": [],
    "fields": []
}
```

![](images/EditIndex.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes. We've now added a new index field for our diseases. 

## Editing the Indexer

The last step we need to take is to edit the output field mappings of the indexer so the result of the new Custom Entity Lookup skill is mapped to the new *diseases* index field.

The output of the new disease skill is a [complex type](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-howto-complex-data-types), for now, we'll only be using the *Name* property of the skill result in our index.

```
{
    "Name": "morquio",
    "Matches": [{
        "Text": "morquio",
        "Offset": 25,
        "Length": 7,
        "MatchDistance": 0.0
    }]
}
```

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Indexers**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* indexer.

Click on your indexer and then select **Indexer Definition (JSON)** to view the index JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  

Add a new entry to the *outputFieldMappings* by copying and pasting the code below:

```
{
    "sourceFieldName": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*/diseases/*/Name",
    "targetFieldName": "diseases"
}
```

![](images/EditIndexer.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes.

Click the *Run* button to run the indexer again with these changes.  Note, this is also where we are taking advantage of the incremental processing capability and cache we added in the first step of this module as when we run the indexer, Azure Cognitive Search will only be running the new customEntityLookup skill we just added to our skillset rather than running all of the skills against the data set. 

## Results

After the indexer completes, you can view the new results of your index by using both search explorer and by re-creating your search App as in the previous module.  Try opening Search Explorer and running a search for MSP or mor again and see if you notice the difference in your search results.

![](images/ViewNewIndexSearchExplorer.png)

![](images/ViewNewIndexSearchApp.png)


### Next: [Module 4: Analyzing extracted data with PowerBI (Optional)](Module&#32;4.md)

Commit message:

Update Module 3 With More Reprocessor Info

KM-Ready-Lab/workshops/Module 3.md, after:

# Using the Azure Portal to Iterate on Your Solution

In this module, we will show how you can easily iterate and add new capabilities your search index and knowledge store without leaving the portal experience.  You will learn how to use the Azure Portal JSON editors to add additional skills to your skillset by modifying the existing skillset, index, and indexer.

## Reprocessor
Before we start adding to our skillset, we will want to enable the new [incremental enrichment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-howto-incremental-index), or reprocessing capability in Azure Cognitive Search.  This new feature allows you to add caching to the enrichment pipeline so that you can incrementally modify steps without having to rebuild your index.  By default, a skillset is stateless, and changing any part of its composition requires a full rerun of the indexer. With incremental enrichment, the indexer can determine which parts of the document tree need to be refreshed based on changes detected in the skillset or indexer definitions. Existing processed output is preserved and reused wherever possible.

1. Open your Azure Cognitive Search service.
2. Click on the *Indexer* you created in module 1
3. Click on the **Reset** button. Prior to using the cache for the first time, the indexer must be reset.
4. Click on *Indexer Definition (JSON)*.  You will see the JSON definition of your indexer on the left hand side of the screen.  On the right hand side, you will see some information about Indexers and the Indexer Cache.  Click on the blue button **Get Cache Connection String**.

![](images/cachestring.png)

You will now be asked to select the storage account you want to enable the cache for.  Select the *clinical-trials-small* storage and *clinical-trials-small* container we worked with in module 1.  Hit **Select**

You should now see that the box under **Get Cache Connection String** has now been populated with the connection information from your selected storage account.

![](images/cachestring2.png)

Click on the **Copy to clipboard** button.

Scroll to the bottom of the Indexer Definition JSON file until you see *'cache': null*

![](images/cachenull.png)

Replace *null* with the contents of your clipboard and press *Save*, your indexer definition JSON should not look something like this:

![](images/cachetrue.png)

Once the indexer has run once with the cache enabled, incremental changes (such as adding a new skill) will not require the indexer to be reset in order to pick up the changes.  During the next indexer run, the new changes will be automatically detected and only new work will be done.  This saves time as well as money on the enrichment and normalized images cost.  You will get to see this in action in module 4, where you will make incremental changes and get to see how much faster the indexer run completes.

## Editing the Skillset

We are now going to explore how you can add some very powerful skills to your skillset through the Azure Portal Skillsets editor.  This new capability provides a series of JSON templates that you can easily add and modify to suit your customers needs.  For the purposes of today's lab, we will be working with the [Custom Entity Lookup skill](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-skill-custom-entity-lookup) to add a disease lookup skill to our index.

For now, please use the following Azure Portal URL: https://ms.portal.azure.com/?Microsoft_Azure_Search_enableCustomEntityLookup=true.  The Custom Entity Lookup skill template is not yet generally available in the portal, but will be coming soon.

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Skillsets**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* skillset.

Click on your skillset and then select **Skillset Definition (JSON)** to view the skillset JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  Exploring your skillset JSON, you will notice there are 8 skills, a Cognitive Services key, and 4 knowledge store table projections.

On the right had side,  you see the Skill Definition Templates that are provided in the Azure Portal.  Click on the drop down arrow in *Skills* and note the variety of templates that are available.  Click on the *Custom Entity Lookup* skill.  

![](images/CustomEntityLookupSkillTemplate.png)

Let's look a little deeper at this JSON template. Notice the Custom Entity Lookup skill allows you to specify a list of entities to find in your text. You can provide this list either inline using the *inlineEntitiesDefinition* parameter or via a SAS URI pointing to a JSON file containing the entities using the *entitiesDefinitionUrl* parameter (for this lab, we will be using the SAS URI when we get to that portion of the template).  Click on *Copy to clipboard* and paste the template code into the skillset definition JSON file.

![](images/updateskillset.png)

Now let's update the template with the correct parameters so that this new skill will work.
1. Set *defaultLanguageCode* to *"en"*
2. Add the URI code from the *diseases* JSON file to *entitiesDefinitionUri*

*Note For this lab, we have provided you with a container in your blob storage account named 'disease' which contains a file called 'diseases.json', a list of diseases to be used with the Custom Entity Lookup skill. You will need to retrieve the SAS URI for this file to provide as the *entitiesDefinitionUri* parameter of the skill.  

One easy way to retrieve the SAS URI is by using Azure Storage Explorer. You can right-click on the 'diseases.json' file and select *Get Shared Access Signature*. Set the *Expiry time* to some time in the future, and hit the *Create* button. Use the *Copy* button to copy the *URL*.

![](images/GetSAS.png)

![](images/GetSASExpiryTime.png)

![](images/GetSASCopyURL.png)


    3. *Delete* **inlineEntitiesDefinition** and all of the parameters contained between the [] brackets.
    4. Set *name* to **customEntityLookup**
    5. Set *description* to **null**
    6. Set *context* to /document/merged_content/sentences/*
    7. Under inputs set *name* to **text**
    8. Under inputs set *source* to /document/merged_content/sentences/*
    9. Under outputs set *name* to **entities**
    10. Under outputs set *targetName* to **diseases**

Your updated JSON file should now look like the code below (alternately,  you can just cut and paste this code snippet directly into your Skillset Definition.


```
    {
        "@odata.type": "#Microsoft.Skills.Text.CustomEntityLookupSkill",
        "defaultLanguageCode": "en",
         "entitiesDefinitionUri": "<enter your SAS URI here>",
         
        "name": "customEntityLookup",
        "description": null,
        "context": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*",
        "inputs": [{
            "name": "text",
            "source": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*"
        }],
        "outputs": [{
            "name": "entities",
            "targetName": "diseases"
        }],
      }
```

![](images/AddCustomEntityLookupSkill.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes. We've now added the new Custom Entity Lookup skill to the skillset.

## Editing the Index

Now that we've added the new Custom Entity Lookup skill to the skillset, we need to add a new field to the index to store the results of running the skill.  

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Indexes**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* index.

Click on your index and then select **Index Definition (JSON)** to view the index JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  

Add a new diseases field to the *fields* by copying the code below and pasting into the Index Definition JSON as shown in the image below.

```
{
    "name": "diseases",
    "type": "Collection(Edm.String)",
    "facetable": true,
    "filterable": true,
    "retrievable": true,
    "searchable": true,
    "analyzer": "en.microsoft",
    "indexAnalyzer": null,
    "searchAnalyzer": null,
    "synonymMaps": [],
    "fields": []
}
```

![](images/EditIndex.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes. We've now added a new index field for our diseases. 

## Editing the Indexer

The last step we need to take is to edit the output field mappings of the indexer so the result of the new Custom Entity Lookup skill is mapped to the new *diseases* index field.

The output of the new disease skill is a [complex type](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-howto-complex-data-types), for now, we'll only be using the *Name* property of the skill result in our index.

```
{
    "Name": "morquio",
    "Matches": [{
        "Text": "morquio",
        "Offset": 25,
        "Length": 7,
        "MatchDistance": 0.0
    }]
}
```

Click on *Azure Cognitive Search* and then select **Indexers**.  You should see the *clinical-trials-small* indexer.

Click on your indexer and then select **Indexer Definition (JSON)** to view the index JSON editor in the Azure Portal.  

Add a new entry to the *outputFieldMappings* by copying and pasting the code below:

```
{
    "sourceFieldName": "/document/merged_content/sentences/*/diseases/*/Name",
    "targetFieldName": "diseases"
}
```

![](images/EditIndexer.png)

Click the *Save* button to save the changes.

Click the *Run* button to run the indexer again with these changes.  

Note that this indexer run will take about 6 minutes. Even though we enabled incremental processing with the cache in the first step of this module, we will only see the advantages of this feature after the cache has been populated by running the indexer for the first time with the feature enabled.  In the next module, we will get a chance to make more incremental changes and see how much faster the indexer runs with the advantages of the cache.

## Results

After the indexer completes, you can view the new results of your index by using both search explorer and by re-creating your search App as in the previous module.  Try opening Search Explorer and running a search for MSP or mor again and see if you notice the difference in your search results.

![](images/ViewNewIndexSearchExplorer.png)

![](images/ViewNewIndexSearchApp.png)


### Next: [Module 4: Analyzing extracted data with PowerBI (Optional)](Module&#32;4.md)
